Update on Network APIs (#42)
5G-MAG/Tech: pages/Network_APIs/CAMARA_DedicatedNetworks.md

</figure>

### Step 0: Pre-conditions
* qosProfiles have already been defined and made available by the network operator. This is related to the [**Quality on Demand API**](./CAMARA_QualityonDemand.html).
* Network Profiles with the allowed number of devices which can be server concurrently together with the aggregated UL and DL thoughput have been defined and made available by the network operator

### Step 1: Discover Network Profiles available
* **GET /networks** to obtain a list of dedicated networks with the corresponding `id`.

### Step 2: Create a Dedicated Network
* **POST /networks** passing the Network Profile `profileId` from Step 1, `serviceTime` start and end and `serviceArea`.

### Step 3: Attach a Device to a Dedicated Network
* **POST /accesses** passing the Network Profile `networkId` from Step 2, a `device` object, and `qosProfile`.

### Step 4: During operation, delete a device access and attach a new device to a dedicated network or the same device to a different dedicated network
**DELETE /accesses/{accessId}** and **POST /accesses** should be used to detach or attach devices to a different dedicated network

## 5G-MAG's Self-Assessment

> The Network Profiles and Dedicated Network APIs are likely to be invoked before the actual usage of the network to ensure that the requested capabilities are "reserved" for the specific area and time window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Profiles and Networks APIs are to be invoked before the actual usage of the network to ensure that the requested capabilities are "reserved" for the specific area and time window.
```
